Name: Pratyanshu Pandey

How to run:
Open the folder that contains the make file in terminal and use command 'make'.
An executable with name shell will be automatically created.
Run the command './shell' in the terminal.

Features Implemented:
Check the complete list in the pdf Features.pdf

> Shell Prompt
> Built-in Commands
    - echo
    - pwd
    - cd
> ls command
> history command
> foreground and background process management
> pinfo command for process information
> input/output redirection
> command pipelines
> user defined commands
> signal handling
> exit codes

Known issues:
> Background process management sometimes fails in cases with processes as vim and gedit.



Folder and Files Information:

headers.h : includes the most commonly used header files and functions that are 
            used in all programmes.

headers.c : implementation of the above functions

main.c :    contains the main loop of shell and also the function for 
            tokenizing command into arguments and logic for redirection and pipes. All other funnctions are called from here.

makefile :  contains compilation commands and file dependencies

builtins :  the folder contains 4 C programme files along with their respective header files.

        cd.c cd.h :     this implements cd builtin command
        pwd.c pwd.h :   this implements pwd builtin command
        echo.c echo.h : this implements echo builtin command 
        env.c env.h :   this implements the setenv and unsetenv builtin commands   

history :   contains history.c and its corresponding history.h header file.
            implements the history command.

ls :        contains ls.c and its corresponding ls.h header file.
            implements the ls command and all its flags

nightswatch : contains nightswatch.c and its corresponding nightswatch.h header file.
                implements the nightswatch command as described in the Assignment doc.

nph : contains nph.c and its corresponding nph.h header file.
        stands for new process handler 
        implements all the new processes that are not known commands
        contains function for both foreground and background process.
        It manages all the jobs related commands like kjob, jobs, fg, bg.

pinfo : contains pinfo.c and its corresponding pinfo.h header file.
                implements the nightswatch command as described in the Assignment doc.

prompt : contains prompt.c and its corresponding prompt.h header file.
        contains functions to display the prompt of the shell.

.history : file to store history of at max 20 commands
